1. Strategy pattern -> this design pattern is extremely crucial when dealing with solid principle
    because example the open-closed or the dependency inversion principle with behalf of this pattern.
  - the definition for this pattern is to enable selecting an algorithm at run-time
  - thus we can define a family of algorithms, put each of them into a separate class, and make their objects
    interchangeable (It means that one thing can be substituted for another without affecting the overall outcome or result)
  - favor composition over inheritance

2. Observer pattern -> when one object changes state all of its dependents are notified and updated automatically
  - the subject is the object that is being monitored
  - observers or listeners are depending on that object

3. Command pattern -> the aim is to achieve separation of concerns
 - there are usually 4 components of the command pattern
   • command, receiver, invoker and client

   1. command -> it knows about the receiver and invokes a method of the receiver.
      - the values for parameters of the receiver method are stored in the command
   2. receiver -> it does the work itself
   3. invoker -> know how to execute a command and optionally does bookkeeping about the command execution
       - the invoker does not know anything about a concrete command, it only knows about command interface
   4. client -> which command to execute. to execute a command it passes the command object to the invoker object

 Advantages:
    we don't have to execute the commands immediately. we can store these commands in a data structure
    also we can implement undo/redo operations

4. Iterator pattern -> lets you traverse elements of a collection without exposing its underlying representation
    or data structure.

5. Template pattern ->  allows you to define the skeleton or basic structure of an algorithm, and let the subclasses implement the details.
In other words, it provides a way to define an algorithm's structure in a base class
and allow subclasses to implement the individual steps of the algorithm as needed.

6. visitor pattern -> is a way of separating an algorithm from an object structure on w/c it operates
 benefits: the ability to add new operations to existing object structures without modifying the structures

 The Visitor pattern is commonly used in object-oriented programming when you have a complex data structure
 consisting of different types of objects,
 and you want to perform operations or apply algorithms on those objects without modifying their individual classes.
